- [Instructor] Because it's a bit different
on every application server, let's walk through how
to deploy a WAR file in WildFly.
Let's go ahead and ensure
our practice files are open in IntelliJ.
We'll be using practice file
zero three underscore zero four begin.
Here I've already done this.
And from the terminal window below, the command line window,
we're going to type gradle clean build and hit enter.
It shouldn't take very long at this point to build.
Let's switch back to our WildFly instance,
we'll go to start on deploy, click on the plus symbol,
upload a deployment, choose the file,
and we're going to navigate to our practice files,
chapter three, zero three four begin,
go to the build, and libs, and there's our WAR file,
click open, and click next.
We're going to leave the filled enabled off for right now.
Click finish.
It shows that deployment was successful.
We'll click on view deployment, and then click enable.
As you can see here, we got a error message.
And specifically, this error message is
is that the Java lang runtime exception,
the sun faces config configuration, it failed.
Let's go back to our project files
and let me show you why this happened.
And keep in mind, that just like web logic,
there are already Java EE libraries included in WildFly
to handle the Java EE required servlet library,
because WildFly is fully compliant Java EE app server.
So adding a weld servlet here will cause it to fail,
it'll cause an error.
Since we still have the project opened in IntelliJ,
we're going to just comment out this line,
save it, and rebuild the project.
We're going to go back to our deployments window again,
we're going to remove the deployment, click yes,
we're going to add the deployment again,
navigate to the same location, click open,
next, and finish, view deployment.
Everything is successful, click enable,
and now the WAR file was successfully deployed.
We click on the deployment link.
It should open up our H plus sport application.
Let's go back again.
Now we're going to remove it,
and install the application through the command line.
Going back to the terminal window,
going to make sure that we're in the correct directory,
and from the command line here what we're going to do
is copy our file from our practice files location,
chapter three zero three zero four begin build libs.
And we're going to copy this to our WildFly instance
standalone deployments folder, hit enter.
If we run an LS dash LA
on the standalone deployments,
we'll see that the WAR files deployed.
Now we can see this by it adds
an extra identifier on the application.